Update CHANGELOG and release notes (#9241)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/release-notes/v2-8.md

As always, please read the [upgrade guide]({{<relref "../upgrading/#270">}}) before upgrading Loki.

## Bug fixes

### 2.8.1 (2023-04-21)

> * Fix bug that was dropping index if period is a zero value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix bug that was dropping index if period is a zero value.
```

* Fix redis client to prevent it from incorrectly choosing cluster mode with local address.
* Fix incorrect association of per-stream rate limit when sharding is enabled.

> * Update go to 1.20.3 to address security vulnerabilities if previous go version.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Update go to 1.20.3 to address security vulnerabilities in the previous go version.
```
